I'll tell you what let me do this I tell
you what we're gonna do we should read
some of it you should you should so I'm
gonna read the guys part
I can't wait one minute longer being
whispered in her ear he flipped the
covers down all him put his strong arms
around my bed and began kissing her on
the lips ears neck shoulders
where's this going and absolutely
everywhere on her entire body oh my
prince charming
oh well then returned his kisses was a
passion she had never known existed Ben
Ben oh who you make me feel so alive
he said nothing but continued to thrill
in lovemaking what words were not
necessary she fluttered her long
eyelashes against his cheek do you know
what I'm doing I'm giving you butterfly
kisses
Ian muttered he rolled on top of her
this jealousy well I'm never you haven't
finished go ahead he rolled on top of
her and she sighed take me I'm all yours
folks you gotta get this please
just-just-just just buy it
matter of fact buy it and read it with
your man that might lead to something up
thank you for the you know what I love
about this Miss Georgia I think man it
just speaks volumes about people just
going for it I mean don't don't don't
let the Sun set and you ain't done it
and give it a shot why not I want
everybody to check out no good bye bye
Georgia Marie miss Georgia thank you so
much